Red It: A beautiful and functional Reddit browser for webOS tablets
Copyright (C) 2011  Adam R. Drew adam@linkedlistcorruption.com

About Red It:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Red It is a Reddit browser for webOS tablets (and maybe eventually
phones) that focuses on design, usability, and user experience. Red It
is written in Enyo. 

Red It is free software under the terms of the GPLv3. See the COPYING
file for more information. While Red It is free software its 
developer is not interested in collaborative development. Feature
requests and bug reports are welcome (if you bought Red It from the 
HP App Catalog) but commit access will not be granted to any additional 
developers. If Adam ever gets sick of writing and mantaining Red It he 
may turn it over to someone else or a group of others. Adam is not bound 
by any agreement or under any obligation to implement your feature request 
or fix what you consider a bug. If you don't like it, fork it.

Red It has been made available as free software due to the developer's
strong belief that people should have the opportunity to learn for each other's
work, that the webOS platform will only grow if people develop for it,
and that the application should be able to "live on" even after the 
primary developer loses interest in it. That said the developer does
expect that people interested in using Red It purchase the app from
the App Catalog. Red It is available as source for philosophical and educational 
purposes only; it is not considered by the developer to be a primary distribution
vehicle for the software. If you are downloading the code and installing it
just to get around paying the almost insignificant amount of money
the developer is asking then you are a scum bag. Feature requests, support,
and bug fixes will only be available to paying customers. 

Installing Red It:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Download it from the HP App Catalog! Red It represents 
the culmination of countless hours of development work by a single 
developer. There's no defensible reason to not go and pay the pittance
he's asking for it in return. 

However, if you are in a country where the App Catalog does not accept
payment, if you are downloading Red It to learn and understand Enyo, if 
you want to fork Red It, or you want to incorporate Red It code into your own app
then follow these instructions:

1. Install the webOS SDK:
https://developer.palm.com/content/resources/develop/sdk_pdk_download.html

2. Put your device into developer mode
- Click on the "Just Type" bar
- Enter upupdowndownleftrightleftrightbastart into the "Just Type" bar
- Click the "Developer Mode" icon that appears

3. USB tether your device to your computer

4. Run the included makeinstall.sh script

The app should now appear in the app launcher. You can use the two included
log scripts to view error and debug logs. These are simple 1 or 2 line scripts
made out of laziness. Feel free to use them or not.

Questions, help, or comments:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
If you are part of the beta program or if you paid for Red It please
feel free to email Adam at adam@linkedlistcorruption.com with any issues, questions,
feature requests, or just to say "hi." Adam will do anything he can to
accomodate your requests if it is feasible and fits the development road 
map. If your feature or bug can't be addressed Adam will explain why.

If you aren't part of the beta program and/or didn't buy the app you can 
pound sand and echo your requests to /dev/null; Adam doesn't care.

Thanks:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
HP and Palm for keeping on with a really incredible and promising platform
that makes development more accessible than I've ever dreamed possible.

Everyone on #webos on Freenode who helped me and answered my questions. 

Everyone on /r/palm on Reddit who was interested in my app.

Everyone who buys Red It.

My wife for putting up with marathon coding sessions when there was house work
to do.

My dog for keeping me company while coding. 


